1) Create an application to demonstrate Lifecycle Of Activity.
2) Create first activiy to accept information like name, address, date of birth, email, contact number and display all information on second activiy.
3) Create a simple application which send "Hello" message from one activiy to another with the help of button.
4) Create a Calculator application in android.
5) Create a simple login application. on successful login, gives message go to next activiy.(without database)
6) Create a android application which has spinner consisting list of programming languages. Display appropriate message when  user clicks on any the item of spinner.
7) Create an application to create a user account and store the account details in database.
8) Create an android application to convert the interest rates from :-
	a. yearly to monthly
	b. monthly to yearly
	Accept rate of interest from the user
9) Create a android application and display some information of meta company along along with the photo of its CEO.
10) Create application to demonstrate date and time picker.
11) Construct an app that toggles a light bulb on and off when the user clicks on toggle button.
12) Create application demonstrating the use of ImageSwitcher.
13) Create a custom launcher icon.
14 Create a Gallery application in Android.
15) Create a bank application having option menu to withdraw.
16) Create simple application to send a SMS.
17) Create simple application to send an email.
18) Create a simple application to Nevigate / Locate a specific location.
19) Create a application to display the information about the location using Geocoding.
20) Create table company (id, name ,address, phone number). Create an application to perform the following operations: 
	a. Insert a new company details
	b. Show all company details
21) Create table student (id, name, phone number). create an application to perform the following operations:
		a. Insert a student record
		b. Delete a student record
22) Create an application to display an AutoCompleteTextViews.
23) Create a simple application for food ordering system. Generate and display the bill on the next screen.
24) Create a simple quiz application having 10 questions. Generate and display proper score on the toast message.
25) Construct an app that accepts username and password. Store this user name and password in SQLite Database.
26) Create a simple Login Application and use the above database to validate your login app.

